[TASK] List configuration files for site and system-wide (#2852)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/DirectoryStructure/LegacyInstallations.rst

.. note::

   Further files might be useful depending on the server or the purpose.

>    It's for example common to place an authentication file in the web root for a search engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   It is for example common to place an authentication file in the web root for a search engine.
```
